                       ISLE WARS PRO GAME DIRECTIONS
                                Version 1.01
                           by Soleau Software, Inc.

                              A Member of the                
                          Association of Shareware   
                            Professionals (ASP)

  
OBJECTIVE

The object of Isle Wars is to conquer all nine islands with your armies.   
        
Isle Wars Pro is quite simple to learn and offers different levels of play.  
There are many elements which you will have to contend with, in order to 
conquer all 9 islands.


GAME PLAY

At the start of a new game you can set different options such as level of 
difficulty, color to play, number of starting armies possible, frequency of 
natural disasters and game speed. (In the unregistered version you play Blue 
and the computer will play the other three opponents.)
 
When the game starts the game board will appear and distribute the various 
armies. The game will then randomly decide who will take the first turn. 
At the beginning of each turn, you are given armies for the number of 
countries you occupy.  That number is divided by 3 and gives you that 
number of armies to place onto the board.  Each island gives you extra 
armies, if you totally control all its countries.  The island values are 
shown below.

                                      2
                                  8
                        2    4    3      5
                           4       5
                                       2


PLACING ARMIES

You will be shown the number of armies you have received for that turn. 
(Minimum is 2)  The computer will ask you to select the destination 
country to receive the new armies.  Click on the army of the country you 
want to add to (an arrow will point to the selected country) At the bottom 
of the screen, you will have buttons to decide how many you want to deploy 
in that country. Keep placing armies until you have no more armies to 
place.  (The game prompts you with all instructions at the bottom of 
the screen... don't worry, it's quite easy to get the hang of it very quickly)


ATTACKING

Once you have placed all your armies, new buttons will be displayed at 
the bottom.

[ATTACK]   [MOVE]   [PASS]   [CARDS]   [CANCEL]

To attack another country, it must be adjacent to the country you're 
attacking from.  There are lines from island to island which allow you to 
travel across the water (in ships) to attack other islands.  You can 
only attack another grid if your total number of armies in that grid is 
equal or greater than the number you're attacking.

Click the mouse on ATTACK and the computer will ask you to click on the 
country you want to attack.  When that country is selected, then click 
on the territory you want to attack from. (Remember you are playing BLUE 
in the Unregistered Version.)

The computer then rolls dice (not shown), to decide the outcome.  If the 
attacking army has a higher number than the defending army, then one 
army will be subtracted from the defending country; and the opposite is 
true if the attacking army is defeated.  A tie will count as a loss for the 
attacking army, so the defending country carries the advantage.  At higher 
levels of army concentrations like 60 against 40, the computer will 
speed up play by rolling about 5 times before asking you whether you 
want to attack again.  There are two buttons which are shown while 
attacking:   [ATTACK]   [QUIT ATTACK]   Keep clicking on ATTACK if you 
want to continue attacking.  If you want to call off the attack, click 
the [QUIT ATTACK] button. If your attacking army ever gets down to 1, 
then you will forfeit not only the turn, but also the country to the 
defending army.  That means if you have 2 troops left and are attacking 
an opposing country with 1 and you lose, it now becomes occupied by your 
enemy and play then passes to the next player.

If you can deplete the enemy to 0 armies, the computer will ask you how 
many troops you want to move in from the armies you have left.  Select 
the number as you do when you deploy your troops. The only stipulation 
is that you have to move at least one army into the conquered territory.
You can then continue to attack etc... until you decide to finish your 
turn by pressing, either the [MOVE] button or the [PASS] button.


MOVE

At the end of each turn you are allowed to move troops between two adjacent 
countries.  Select the number as usual from the select number panel.


PASS

If you do not want to move armies, simply press the [PASS] button to 
indicate your turn is over.


CANCEL

Press this button if you change your mind on attack moving, etc...   



GAME CARDS

If during your turn, you defeated an opposing army and captured a country 
then you will be given a card displayed on the bottom right of the screen.  
These bonus cards are for extra bonus armies, bombs, anti-bombs etc... 
The [CARD] button at the of the screen bottom shows you what cards you 
presently have in your hand.
 
     
5/8/15 Bonus Armies:  Adds this many armies to your total at the beginning 
of your turn.

Double:  This card doubles your placement total at the start of your turn.

Bomb:   Allows you to bomb any country.  The effects of the bomb will be 
shown in then new value of troops shown in that opposing country.

Anti-Bomb:   This protects you from a bomb drop on your own countries from 
the other players. If you have only one Anti-Bomb card in your hand, it 
will protect you from a opposing bomb.  If used it will then be eliminated 
from your hand automatically.  

Lose All Cards:   If you draw this card, then your cards are all taken away.

Wild Card:    Matches any other card.


TRADING IN CARDS

To Trade in cards, the computer will inform you automatically at the start 
of your turn whether or not you have a possible match.  A match is 3 cards 
which are the same.

For example:      8 Armies / 8 Armies / 8 Armies

                  or 8 Armies / Wild / 8 Armies

                  or Wild / Wild / 8 Armies

                  (3 Wild cards are not a match)

If you have a set, they must be exchanged at the top of your turn.  You will 
only have one opportunity to decide if this is what you want.  The computer 
will show your cards and ask you to click on the ones you want to trade in. 
When you click on a card it will be highlighted in yellow.  You can deselect 
a card by clicking on it again.  Once you have selected the three cards  
click on the green [Trade In Cards] button. 
  
You can only hold 5 cards in your hand at once.  If you have more then 5, 
the computer will ask you which card you want to discard.  Click on the card 
to eliminate to make room for you new card.


SITUATIONS / DISASTERS / PRODUCTION CENTERS

At various times during the game, certain events will occur.  These will have 
a dramatic impact on the game play.  These events are random, and you cannot 
predict them!  They are as follows:


1 = An Earthquake has hit the Islands  (3 or 4 grids)
2 = Flooding has inundated some grids  (3 or 4 grids)
3 = A rebellion has occurred in one of the countries.
4 = Rebels have taken control from an opposing army. The country changes hands.
5 = Production Centers move to other locations
6 = Production Center increase.  Armies located on the Production Centers will 
be doubled. Production centers are indicated by a light blue color shown for the 
army total instead of the normal white.  
  
If the message is one of the first four, Hold On! , it could hit in countries 
that you occupy.  The computer will indicate which territories are hit and 
some armies will be decreased in those countries.  If it says Production Center 
Increase and you happen to occupy it, then your number of armies will double 
in that country.

END OF GAME

If you are eliminated from the game board by the computer's other 
Armies you will be shown a special menu that will allow you to concede 
that game and play another one.  (The score will be recorded as a loss on 
that level)  You can also have the computer play the game out to find out 
who will eventually be the victor.  The computer will play at a very fast 
pace. You can halt the game at any point by clicking on the [Stop Playing] 
button which will appear at the bottom of the game board.

If you are the victor, the game will end and the new score totals are shown.


GAME BUTTONS

New Game:  Begins a new game.   

Help: Game Directions

Options:  Change various setup configurations and sound options.

Soleau Games:  Information about Soleau Software.

Scores:  Isle Wars Pro Scoreboard.
 
Quit:  You can quit the game at any time and begin a new one, however, 
if you decide to quit in the middle of a game and you do not control at 
least 10 countries then your score WILL be recorded as a loss at that level. 
  
The best way to learn is to just begin to play.  It takes only a few minutes 
to master the commands and it will take hours to learn the best strategies 
to defeat your opponents.  Games average from 8 to 45 minutes 
(I've had one last 3 hours!) depending on your speed level.


           ****  ISLE WARS PRO REGISTERED VERSION  **** 

The registered version of ISLE WARS PRO allows for up to four human players 
to compete against each other.  You can control various options such as 
starting levels of armies, frequency of disasters, clearing scoreboards, 
and changing your color to play and more...
 
You are encouraged to pass the Shareware version of ISLE WARS PRO along 
to your friends or onto the Internet.  Soleau Software depends upon your 
registrations to continue producing non-violent strategy logic game software 
for the computer market.  Please support our work by registering your copy today!

The registered version of ISLE WARS PRO is only $18 (U.S.)  You can send 
the order form to your printer from the closing screen of the game or you 
can use the Order.txt file. 

If paying by Credit Card, we can even upgrade your copy instantly over the phone 
so you won't have to wait for the mail!

You can also order online from our Secure Web site at  www.soleau.com and have 
the unlock codes sent via e-mail in just minutes !!!  Don't want to order online
order over the phone at the voice number below.

     
                               
                        ORDER TODAY --  IT'S EASY !!!
                     We accept MasterCard & Visa & Amex
                         U.S. and Canadian Checks 
                          and P.O. Money orders
                    
                     Call, Send or Fax your Order Form
                 Voice: 212.721.2361     Fax: 212.873.4994

                      You can also Order via our Website !!!
                              www.soleau.com


                             Soleau Software, Inc.  
                           163 Amsterdam Ave # 213
                            New York , NY  10023

                                               soleau@soleau.com


    
