GAMES BY SOLEAU SOFTWARE

-- Educational, Non-Violent --
-- Strategy Logic Games --
-- For the Whole Family --

Soleau Software is an innovator of educational, non-violent strategy
logic games that give hours of fun, challenge and enjoyment.  Each 
game is carefully designed with varying levels of difficulty so that 
new users can quickly master a game's objectives and then progress at
their own speed to the more detailed complexities and strategies of 
each game.

Soleau Software has over 80 games for Windows, DOS and Macintosh.  
Here are a few game descriptions for some of our most popular games.

Visit our Website at:   http://www.soleau.com


------------------ GAMES FOR WINDOWS & MACINTOSH ------------------

AKEYAN ENIGMA is a mind-bending puzzle solving game.  The Akeyan 
empire mysteriously vanished from the face of the earth leaving 
behind ten temples filled with strange cryptic tablets.  Each temple 
was made up of a series of four chambers with a hidden fifth chamber. 
The secrets to this chamber could not be discovered until all the 
tablets had been collected from the four surrounding chambers. Once 
collected, the rock blocking the doorway can be pushed aside allowing 
you to escape from the chamber. Can you solve these 50 enigmas?   

ANT RUN PRO is a fast paced arcade game where your goal is to keep 
the ant running through the ant tunnels.  You only have 8 seconds 
before the ant will emerge from the starting hole and begin racing 
through the tunnels.  Your goal is to choose one of the many shaped 
passageways, connect it, and keep one step ahead of the ant so that 
he never reaches a dead end.  Filled with special bonus grids and 
other obstacles, gain extra points in your quest to move onto the 
next level.  Packed with features and educational ant facts, 
Ant Run Pro is arcade strategy fun for all. 

AXIUM ADVENTURES is a pure strategy, logic and problem solving game. 
The year is 2143 and you have been sent by the planet Earth to the 
Axium galaxy to discover and solve the 50 puzzles which were created 
by another race hundreds of years earlier. Using meteor balls, crates,
transport holes and other objects, you must avoid the force fields 
and reach the control panel located in each puzzle to solve these 
enigmas. The solutions are provided if you need help.  A great 
thinking game for all.  Can you solve all the Axium puzzles?

BEETLE RUN is a race against the clock as you rotate paths for the 
beetle to run across. Quick thinking and fast reflexes are required 
to keep the beetle scurrying across the leaf board. Gain extra points 
for bonus grids and other items as you try for the Top Ten High Scores. 
Beetle Run is packed with features, sound card support, stunning SVGA 
256 color animations and much more. The game is filled with educational 
beetle facts and offers a fast paced challenge for all ages.  
WARNING...ADDICTIVE!

BINGO BUDDIES is a fun way to enjoy Bingo by yourself or with the 
entire family. Your objective is to first play against your three 
Bingo Buddies in order to accumulate some cash for your bankroll in 
order to play in other locations.  In the Bingo Buddies room you only 
play your three Bingo Buddies who only have one card each.  However, 
you can play up to three cards and have a 50% chance of winning.  
Great odds here and it will not take you long to win and have the 
choice to travel to the other locations where you play against more 
people and have bigger jackpots.  Bingo Buddies is fun for all!

CRATE MAN is a logic strategy puzzle solving game.  Fifty red crates 
containing the lost treasures of King Kalaporus have been discovered
in the warehouses of B.B. Billings & Sons.  A worker named Curtis 
the Crate Man must reach the red crates in each puzzle room.  Using 
ingenuity and problem solving skills, can you help Curtis recover all 
50 treasures?  A demonstration puzzle and all the solutions are 
provided.  A puzzler's delight! 

DESK DROP is a fast paced arcade game where the objective is to match
up three similar tiles by moving and rotating them vertically as they
drop from the top of the game board.  Quick thinking and strategy is a 
must in Desk Drop to reach really high scores.  The game is both 
addictive and fun for all ages.  The top ten scoreboard records the 
Desk Drop Champions.  Are you up to the challenge?

DIAGGLE is a race against the clock as you direct the falling
multi-colored triangles into a yellow pyramid grid at the bottom 
of the game board.  Fill any of the eight diagonals starting from 
the bottom row with the same color of triangles and you will 
have achieved a "DIAGGLE" to clear the board.  Reach the Top 
Ten Scores by creating as many diaggles as you can.    
 
FLAPS is a fast paced arcade marble game where the objective is to use 
flaps to guide the falling marbles into their proper slots at the bottom 
of the game board.  Strategy and quick thinking are a must in this 
addictive new game from Soleau Software.  Flaps comes with a host of 
options and offers 25 exciting levels of play.  This game is a must for 
those who like challenges!  Are you a Master Flapper?

FREDDY'S FOREST is a real brain teaser. You must help Freddy reach 
the net and then capture the elusive butterfly in each of the 50 
forest puzzles.  Your problem solving skills are put to the test 
using the various objects around you to complete your task.  To get 
you started there is a demonstration puzzle included or you can 
see the solution for yourself with a click of a button. Freddy's 
Forest is animated puzzle fun for all ages.

FROG HOP will have you on the edge of your seat as you try to keep your
frog jumping from one lily pad to the other.  You rotate the floating
lily pads by clicking on them with your mouse to direct the frog across
the pond. Gain extra points if your frog can reach special bonus pads, 
stray insects that fly onto the game board and much more!  Strategic 
planning and fast reflexes are a must in this exciting fast paced 
addictive game featuring 30 levels of play.  Great fun for all ages.

GEM JAM is a three way logic strategy game in which your objective is 
to get your colored gems to the bottom of the board before your 
computer opponents (or friends) can.  You move the rows of crystals 
right or left to advance your colored gems while strategically 
blocking your enemies. With various levels of difficulty and game 
length, Gem Jam is pure logic fun that can be played by all.

JUNGLE JEAN is another logic puzzler.  Your objective is to help 
Jungle Jean reach the trapped chimpanzee in each of the 50 
challenging puzzle rooms.  Using the various objects around her, 
she must use her ingenuity and problem solving skills to rescue 
the chimpanzee.  A demonstration puzzle is included to get you 
started or you can see the solution for yourself with a click of 
a button.  Jungle Jean is animated puzzle fun!

ISLE WARS PRO is a strategy arcade conquest game in which you try to 
control all the islands on the game board.  Isle Wars is a game where 
the outcome is affected by events such as floods, rebellions, 
earthquakes and much more.  Play against the computer or your family 
and friends in this highly addictive game.  No two games are ever the 
same so the challenges and strategies you'll face are always new.

JUXTO is a game of pure skill and logic.  Your objective is to 
correctly push the different colored objects into their respective 
wire frames at the bottom of the game board.  Careful planning is 
required because the objects will continue to slide in the direction 
pushed until they hit either the side of the game board or another 
object.  Can you solve each of these 101 mind-bending puzzles?  
All the solutions are included.

KENO BUDDIES is a fun way to enjoy Keno with your two virtual 
Keno buddies.  The game of keno uses 80 balls numbered 1 thru 80.
In each game the house draws 20 (or 21) balls at random and your 
objective is to guess some of the the numbers that will be drawn. 
Payouts for each game are determined by the numbers of balls 
guessed correctly against the numbers selected.  Travel to 9 
exotic locations with different types of games like Powerball, 
Wild Ball and Keno 21.  The game is packed with features and 
contains many funny buddy comments too.  Can you beat your 
Keno Buddies? 

NODE JUMPER is an addictive space arcade game where your objective 
is to clear the galaxy grids of all space meteors. Avoid the dreaded 
Electron Emulsifiers who are intent on stopping you from completing 
your task. Inventory and objects include three lives per Mission, 
Force Fields, Transformers and Wormholes. There are eight 
challenging Missions consisting of five unique grid levels that 
will keep you entertained for hours. Are you up for the challenge 
to become a master Node Jumper?

NUMZUM is a pure strategy logic board game where the objective is 
to remove game pieces with values ranging from 15 to -9. You can 
only select a game piece that is in the high-lighted row or column.
Careful planning and strategy is required to have the most points 
at the end of the game.  There are 4 different game boards with 
separate scores to keep track of your best wins against the 
computer.  Easy to play but difficult to win !

OILCAP PRO is a challenging arcade game where the objective is to put 
down pipe links to control the flow of the onrushing oil.  Keep the 
oil flowing through the pipes for as long as possible by carefully 
planning out where to place the different shaped pipes.  Gain extra 
points for bonus links, oilrigs, oil holes and more as you try to 
reach the 10 top high scores.  Oilcap is fast paced action and 
excitement for the whole family.  If you want a game that is 
positively addicting... then this game is a must!

QUARRY is based on Soleau Software's popular DOS game called Mice Men. 
The objective is to push columns of rocks up or down in order to get 
your team of little animated men to the other side of the quarry 
before your computer opponent (or friend) can.  Logic and strategy 
are a must in this challenging and funny SVGA game packed with 
options, sound card support and stunning 256 color graphics!  A fun 
game for all ages.

ROLLEM is a strategy marble arcade game where the objective is to 
push your marbles to the bottom of the maze. You play against the 
computer or a friend in your quest to gain the most points by 
getting your marbles further into the maze game board. Strategy is 
a must as you try to block your opponent by rotating the arrow 
blocks within the maze.  Rollem is based on our popular DOS game 
'BOLOBALL'. It's packed with features and several difficulty levels 
so everyone can enjoy this fun strategy game.

RONNIE'S RESORT is a mind-bending puzzle game where the objective 
is to get Ronnie from the hotel to the beach. Using various objects 
like beach balls, trampolines, chairs, shuffleboards and much more, 
he must use his logic skills and creativity to solve each of the 30 
puzzles. Animated graphics and funny Ronnie dialogue and sounds make 
this game a must for gamers who like using their brain instead of 
their reflexes.  If you need help, a special Demo Puzzle and all 
the solutions are provided at the touch of a key.  Are you up for 
the challenge?

RUNES is a true brain twister for those who love solving logic 
puzzles.  Marcus Flavius is a Roman scholar who has been sent by 
the Senate of Rome to discover the secret of the Oracle of Runes.  
To accomplish this, Marcus must solve each of the perplexing puzzles 
that make up this ancient mythical enigma.  Marcus's task is to 
reach the doorway in each puzzle by strategically lifting and 
stacking the marble blocks that are strewn about each room.  Can 
you solve the puzzles A through Z? The Oracle of Runes is animated 
puzzle fun for both young and old!

SCORE A MILLION is a trivia strategy game that will test your 
general knowledge as you answer a series of increasinglydifficult
questions over five levels of play in your quest to complete all
levels of the game and Score A Million.  With 1,000’s of 
questions in 12 different categories, you will be entertained
for hours on end. Match your wits or get the whole family involved 
in head to head competition in this family friendly game of knowledge 
and trivia.

SCORE A MILLION II is the sequel to our very popular award-winning 
original Score A Million trivia game. This sequel has 1,000’s of new 
questions, and now it has 14 different categories like Food & Beverage,
Business & Industry, Popular Music and many more. Play head to head 
against your friends or try for your own personal best score. If you 
liked the original Score A Million then you'll love this sequel of our 
most popular game!

SQUARK is a fast paced arcade game where the objective is to guide your
marble through a maze in your quest to capture all the square grids.
If you can travel all four sides of a square, then it will be removed
from the game board.  The devilish green marbles will try to stop you
at every turn, so as the levels get higher the action increases.  With
30 exciting levels of play, Squark is pure arcade action at its best...
a must for the true gamer!  

THESAURUS TANGLE is similar to our popular Topic Tangle game.  However, 
in this quick thinking word game you're trying to discover the synonyms 
for the keywords before your time runs out.  As the keyword appears you
race against the clock to unscramble the synonym by dragging the letters 
into their proper slots.  With thousands of synonyms and hundreds of
keywords Thesaurus Tangle is a test of your lexical prowess, expertise,
ability, mastery, talent and deftness. 
 
TOPIC TANGLE is a fast paced arcade word game where you try to 
unscramble the mystery words before your time runs out.  You spin the
topics and then unscramble the mystery word which relates to it by 
dragging the letters into their proper slots.  Once solved the topics 
spin again and again until the round is over.  With thousands of words 
and over 160 different topics, your knowledge will be put to the test 
in this uniquely addictive word game.  Can you get to the top of the 
Top Ten Scoreboard?

WALL-UP is an arcade strategy game where you try to guide four 
marbles at once into the proper slots on the sides of the game board. 
As more marbles keep entering, you're in a race against the clock as 
the walls start to explode making it harder to direct them toward 
their proper destination.  Gain extra points by getting your marbles 
to reach special bonus grids and other objects in your quest to reach 
the top ten high scores.  With up to ten exciting levels of play, 
Wall-Up is a pure arcade strategy fun!

WORDMIX is a fun and educational word game where the objective is 
to spell as many words as you can from the letters of a master word. 
There are over 150 master words that have all the solutions shown at 
the click of a button if you need help. There are up to five different 
scorecards for Wordmix, so the whole family can enjoy and record their 
own scores.  This game has sound card support, beautiful 256 SVGA 
color graphics and more. It's a fun game for both young and old!


------------------------- GAMES FOR DOS ----------------------------
             
The Soleau Software DOS Game Collection won
*Best Entertainment Software for 1995"
from the Shareware Industry Awards.



You can download these DOS games as well as our Windows and Macintosh
games from our Web Site at:  http://www.soleau.com


ANT RUN is a fast paced game where you rotate tunnels for the ant to 
run through. Strategy and careful planning is required to keep the ant 
scurrying for as long as possible. Packed with features and fun for 
both young and old!  * Finalist in the Ziff-Davis Computer Gaming World
Magazine Shareware Awards - 1994*

BOLO BALL is a challenging strategy marble maze game.  Your objective
is to get your marbles to the bottom of a maze filled with ramps, walls,
black holes and much more! 

BOLO ADVENTURES III contains some of the most mind-boggling puzzles of 
the entire series. The objective is to get Mr. Bolo out of 30 devilish 
puzzles by cleverly constructing his escape. 

MICE MAZE is a funny animated adventure game where you try to rescue your 
friend the red mouse  trapped in a maze of 36 rooms.  Collect various items 
to help you to solve the puzzle. Fun for the whole family!

MICE MEN is an exciting and funny animated strategy logic game where the 
objective is to get your little mice men to the other side of the cheese 
game board before your opponent can.  It's a pure strategy game that 
challenging and funny too!

LOADER LARRY is a dock loader in his hometown of Longview. He has ambitions 
to be promoted up the corporate ladder. By solving the 40 clever puzzle 
rooms, you can help Larry fulfill his dreams.

ROCK MAN is a challenging strategy game where you use your ingenuity to 
help Rock Man collect all the rare moths flying around each of the 
30 mind-bending mountain puzzles. Fun for all!   * Finalist in the 
Ziff-Davis Computer Gaming World Magazine Shareware Awards - 1995 *

SQUAREX is an exciting fast paced game where you maneuver your yellow 
cube around a puzzle board capturing grids by traveling all 4 sides. 
Watch out for the cubes chasing you! ADDICTIVE!
